We are following the story from Tel Aviv
and from Gaza in a moment we'll go to
tzo but firstly speak let's speak to T
[__] Zoom he's in arfer in southern Gaza
and TK the need for medical supplies is
desperate and now we are seeing limited
supplies Crossing into
Gaza yes uh there is another today uh a
new wave and conoyers of humanitarian
supplies had been allowed to enter the
Gaza Strip under the agreement that had
been broken by Qatar between Hamas and
Israel on the ground in exchange for
delivering medication for the Israeli
captives inside the Gaza Strip who had
been uh captured by Hamas during its
October attack near the borders and this
is completely a new kinds of
humanitarian supplies being delivered by
this time to the mostly highly affected
and vulnerable areas uh that did not
receive much humanitarian AIDS within uh
the last few uh weeks now uh we can see
that the amount of the humanitarian Aid
and also the medical supplies being
delivered to the medical sectors is
still very limited as the number of
injured people Day by days climbing at
had reached more than 61,000
Palestinians being injured since October
the
7th so TK and give us a latest update on
what the situation is on the ground in
terms of
fighting yes uh and past uh 24 hours it
was completely bloody for the majority
of gazans as 100 uh more than 160
Palestinians being killed alongside with
more than 350 others being wed as the
attacks had been guided and concentrated
on khun City where they have also uh LED
they have injured two Jordanian workers
working inside the Jordanian uh field
hospital that had been set up in the
vicinity of an nasar hospital as the
military yesterday and overnight had
managed to encircle the entire area
where they have destroyed a cemetery
that is just in the back side of the
anaser hospital where people had been a
number of residents of course have been
uh taken from their graves as after
being killed by the Israeli forces where
they have destroyed a number of Graves
there in a part of the military
operations but what what what is
completely new in kanun is the constant
blowing up of residential neighborhoods
they completely throughout the par last
24 hours destroyed more than three
neighborhoods in kanun city and the
ongoing military operation there the
situation is considered to be also very
dramatic and dire in the middle goat and
also in Gaza City where overnight air
strikes had killed 20 uh Palestinians at
least belong to almasri family they were
have been uh pulled from under the reels
today and have been transported to aifa
Medical complex as well this the ongoing
bombardment of the middle governate did
not stop as the Israeli forces are
making different tactical uh operations
in these areas that have been confronted
also by the Palestinian fighters on the
Eastern areas of Al Alat and alghazi
refugee camp T thanks for that t Zoom
there in Rafa in southern Gaza let's
whip over to Tel Aviv Tera Teresa Bo
joins us there so Teresa some very
complex negotiations of course to try
and get this limited supply of Aid in
how's it all going to be
processed
well these are extremely complicated
negotiations it's not only Israel and
Hamas involving France and katar in
order to get this deal going it's the
first time that there is an agreement
between Israel and Hamas uh since the
freedom of the the captives back in
November that left 100 captives uh that
after negotiations happen so this an
example of how complex the situation is
is that those much needed medicine cens
landed in the Alish Air Base close to
the Gaza border on the Egyptian side of
the Border however they were going to
meant to go straight into Gaza and
that's not what happened because of
internal Israeli politics and they had
to be the trucks taken further down
south in order to be checked in Israeli
checkpoints initially apparently Hamas
had demanded that those medicines are
not checked apparently they're concerned
that those medicines could be traced
back to where the captives are being
held apparently the Israeli government
had agreed with something like this but
coming under pressure from farri
ministers who are saying how can this
happen how can medicines get into Gaza
without those trucks being checked so
now the Israeli government changed their
position and now uh those trucks are
heading to the southern part uh to the
to the gate Karam Salam further south
and then they'll be distributed in the
Gaza Strip what we do know is that
they're going to be taken into hospitals
distributed into patches and then take
the Red Cross is going to take them to
where the captives are located so as I
mentioned you know we we're including
among these are medicines for at least
45 of those captives including
antibiotic medicines for the clinically
ill um baby food among other things and
Hamas had demanded that for every box
that enter the Gaza Strip there be a
thousand more for the Palestinians who
are in desperate need we've been hearing
in the past few weeks of of surgeries
ongoing of amputations ongoing without
anesthesia for example so there is much
needed need for medicines ongoing and
and what's interesting also if of all of
this that's been going on is that in the
meantime here in Israel the tension the
fear of the fate of those captives
continue to increase uh the operations
on the ground continue the fighting is
ongoing and many of the relatives of
those who are being held in in Gaza are
concerned about whether any type of
negotiation is going to happen whether
after this negotiation there might be
another one that will lead to their
loved ones being released because as
operation on the ground continue of
course there's the fear that those
captives might be killed that's a
picture from Tel Aviv Teresa reporting
thanks Teresa